“Cutie Mark Crusaders GO!” we yelled in unison and gave one another high-hoofs.

This latest idea might just work. I thought. I just don’t know what could go wrong. And I bet this is how Derpy Hooves got her cutie mark. We’ll have to ask her about that sometime.

After grabbing our gear, we left for the lake. We sang our Cutie Mark Crusaders anthem. Scootaloo and Apple bloom were in high spirits, and their mood was infectious. But I still couldn’t fully distract my mind from replaying the incident at the school from earlier that day.

Silver Spoon and Diamond Tiara played a really cruel joke on me. During a recess Silver Spoon stopped beside me and pointed at my backside. “Is that a cutie mark?”

I instantaneously jumped with joy and turned my head to inspect it.

Diamond Tiara didn’t even bother to look at me. She casually responded as if it was self-evident. “No, that’s just a blank flank. You get that for being an imbecile at everything.”

Luckily most of my class-ponies including Apple Bloom and Scootaloo were playing outside. I curled up in my desk and hugged my hind legs. The shame was overwhelming. I could hardly stop myself from crying. I knew they had planned it in advance, but the way Diamond Tiara dismissed me was just hurtful. Something inside me just wanted to snap. I fought it, and eventually managed to calm myself down a bit. I knew that we had planed a mission that could change it all; Hope that I would finally earn my cutie mark that day was the only thing that gave me comfort. Without that I wouldn’t be able to stand another hour of being in the same classroom with those two bullies.

I haven’t confined in anypony about this. What good would it do? I don’t have a cutie mark and there is only one solution for that. Get one.

Certainly there is no use in telling my fellow Cutie Mark Crusaders about my frustrations. It could very well be them in my place. I’d only be bringing them down. I won’t let them worry about it. I can handle this burden on my own. After all, the answer to our problem might just be on our hooves.

And there it was. The lake that shall unlock our potential for everyone to see. This time, I knew for a fact that there was no squid monster living in it.

The ground was damp from the recent storm, but the day itself was beautiful. Compliments to Rainbow Dash for that one.

We put down the diving masks and fins. I was eager to start. Nothing could spoil this.

“The water looks cold,” asserted Apple Bloom.

I schooled her. “You can't tell the temperature of water just by looking at it.”

Scootaloo just finished putting on a second fin on her hind legs.She pushed with her forehooves against the ground, flapped her wings and hauled her body forward sliding her hind legs along in the mud. Her goal was clearly to get to the lake, but the method she used was very unusual.

Apple Bloom raised her head and watched with amazement. “You know you can still walk despite having fins on your hooves, right?”

We both giggled at Scootaloo, but she was quick to respond to our provocation. “No, this is better. You can't trip on fins if you're doing it this wa—” As she was saying this, her left foreleg sank into the patch of moist mud. Her only other functional leg couldn’t bear the load of her entire body. It drifted under her torso as she collapsed.

“—aaa—” Her head splashed on the edge of the water with her snout sinking just bellow the surface. Caught by surprise she instinctively inhaled. Introduction of water to her lungs tightened her entire body. She folded her wings and used her neck muscles to launch her head above the surface. Subsequent coughs put more strain on her. Muscles gave way and her sea-lion like posture tumbled back in to the water. The next cough took place underwater. Her whole body shook as more water splashed down her windpipe. She twisted her head to the right as much as she could, but only managed to lift half of her snout above the surface. She pushed her lips to the side trying to sip some air, but her innate reflexes took over again. Her chest spasmed, and she coughed and burped at the same time.

I stood there in shock. It all happened faster than I could process it.

She desperately screamed out with a high-pitched voice. “Heeeel—” She couldn’t finish it. Opening her mouth invited more water that flooded her word.

Her plea for help sprang me to action. Apple Bloom already reached her. She jumped in knee-high water and raised the muddy head above the surface. Scootaloo gargled while gasping for air. Rapid coughs followed in quick succession.

I positioned myself behind Scootaloo, anchoring my forehooves under her belly. I pulled up as hard as I could.

She managed to free her front leg from under her chest and pushed with it against the ground in an attempt to free her other leg. It wouldn’t budge. She manically flapped her wings in frustration.

“Take it easy!” I leaned back to avoid getting hit in the face with her feathers.

The muddy prison suddenly relinquished its possession. Unanchored upward force launched Scootaloo in the air. If I weren’t there to catch her, she would have fallen on her back.

She sat there with her head bowed down to the ground. Tears dripped across her muddy face. She was sobbing among her episodes of coughing.

I looked at Apple Bloom and she looked back in disarray and wonder.

The whole event was intense, but Scootaloo wasn’t exposed to any real danger. I smiled at Apple Bloom to break the tension. She exhaled and smiled back.

The flashbacks of Scootaloo’s acrobatics compounded in my mind as my smile grew bigger. The exhilaration was to immense to hide. I broke into an outright laughter. From all the compulsions I felt on my back with my flank against Scootaloo’s back.

Apple Bloom couldn’t control herself either. She threw herself on the shore laughing.

“Did you hear her voice!” I jested.

Apple Bloom lay on her side trying to contain her laughter. She turned her head toward the sky, screeching: “Heeee—glup, glup, glup”.

I joined the imitation, and we both screamed with a high pitch voice. “Heeeelp!”

Our drollery got me restless. I pounded Scootalo’s shoulders with my hind hooves. “You should have seen yourself,” I changed my voice to mimic an overconfident mare: “This is how you walk without falling.” I paused for a second. “Bam!” I euphorically thumped my forehooves on the ground. Apple Bloom galloped in the air with her hooves held high and screamed jubilantly: “glup, glup—Heeeeelp—glup, glub.”

I sought to catch my breath. My hind legs drifted on Scootaloo’s sides as I tried to relax for a bit.

I felt her tense up. She turned her head to look at Apple Bloom and then me. Her teeth grinned in profound anguish and pain. Tears drifted from her reddish eyes even more so than before. She shoved off my legs and jumped. With a high-powered kick, she sent her fins flying along the coast. She stood before us with legs spread wide. Her wings erected outwards as she screamed at us with all her might. “That wasn’t funny!”

The irony of that assertion caused me to spasm. Apple Bloom satirically elaborated it by making more of her choking noises.

Scootaloo exclaimed. “Why are you laughing at me! I almost drowned!”

Apple Bloom stopped her gagging. “You weren’t even in the lake.” She waved a hoof in disregard. “You can’t drown on dry land, silly!”

“You are such a drama queen, Scootaloo,” I stated, “You just soaked up some water.”

“You two just stood there! You didn’t even—”

“—We helped you, remember,” I interrupted her before she could start a blaming game. I rolled myself on my flank and noticed a wet stain where Scootaloo had laid. “Did you pee yourself?”

Scootaloo was still angry, but this new embarrassment sucked the fight right out of her. Her body loosened and her wings fell to the sides. She turned around to face away from us. At that point she just wanted everything to end. “Let’s just go home. The water is too cold, anyway.”

Apple Bloom shook some water of her wet hooves and confirmed. “You’re right about the water. We should have known. The winter wrap up wasn’t that long ago. Maybe we should wait until summer with the scuba diving cutie mar—”

“—No!” I stood on my hind legs and crossed my forehooves on my chest. “We are on a mission here Cutie Mark Crusaders!”

I raised one hoof in the air and sang to the sky.

“NEVER STOP THE JOURNEY!
NOT UNTIL WE GET OUR CUTIE MARKS!”

I hoped reciting part of our anthem would get their spirits up. To make it stick, I reminded them of the horrible alternative. “If we quit at the first sign of difficultly, we won’t be able to earn our cutie marks!”

Scootaloo tried to wipe the mud of her face. She was still debilitated from the recent ordeal. Apple Bloom stepped in to help her. She wanted to buy them more time and tried to distract me. “It’s really cold, Sweetie Belle. Come try it.” She slid her hind hoof across the surface of the water.

“Quit your lollygagging. We won’t throw in the towel just because you two afraid to get your coats wet.” I sighed at them. “We are doing this!”

She persisted. “We should at least get some wetsuits then.”

“No! We don’t have time for that.” I didn’t understand why they were trying to stall. ”And those togs are really tight and uncomfortable.”

“You wore tight clothes for the school talent show,” remarked Scootaloo.

“And I felt trapped every moment of it. Now can we please just—”

“—Maybe you should ask Rarity to make you a soggy bathing suit,” she japed.

Apple Bloom put on a malevolent smile and gave me a narrow look. “Or I could ask Granny Smith to lend you hers.”

“Stop it! That’s not the point at all!” I shoved my hoof against the ground as hard as I could. “Princess Celestia won’t wait for us with the sun. If we want to do this today we need to do it now. We don’t even need all this stuff.” I pointed my hoof at my scuba diving gear. “We just have to suck it up and go for it!”

They shook their heads. Clearly I was losing them. But this is our goal and we need to see it through together. I can’t let them do this to me. They obviously won’t listen to reason. But I have to—I have to make them. I felt there was only one option left. I’ve always ended up being an underdog when playing nice. But it stops now. I won’t be a pushover any more. It was time to take charge. This time they really forced my hooves.

I ran toward them. My action caught them completely off guard. They gasped in shock and got ready to jump aside. But they reacted to late. Just before I hit them, I rotated myself sideways. I thrust Scootaloo with my flank and Apple Bloom with my shoulders. The impact got them flying while stopping me in my tracks. I spread my legs before the lake and announced:

“Water diving cutie marks”—they splashed into the lake—“here we come!”

Scootaloo was the first to surface. “What is wrong with you, Sweetie Belle! You shouldn’t have done that!” She swam towards the shore with her wings spraying water droplets all around her.

“Sweetie Belle, how could you!” screeched Apple Bloom. She was keeping herself afloat with her hind legs while trying to keep herself warm with her forelegs crossed over her chest. She was shaking profoundly.

I thought that they just needed a push. Their reaction, however, reflected no appreciation. They are really resisting me. But I can’t let them out now. Not after what I just did.

Scootaloo reached shallow water and was trying to walk past me.

“Wait! Just, wait!” I uttered and cut her path with my hoof. “We’re in the water now. We just do a couple of dives and then we can all go home. OK?”

Now Apple Bloom was crawling out of the water also. “It’s way too cold!”

“Alright, alright! We do one dive.” I stopped her approach with my other hoof. “Just one dive. We didn’t come here for nothing. And after we do it we’ll go straight home. I promise.”

At this point, I was holding one hoof under Scootaloo’s neck and one on Apple Bloom’s forehead, physically preventing them from leaving the water.

I tried to boost their morale. “Maybe we’ll get extra points because of cold water.”

“I don’t think it works like that, Sweetie Bell.” Apple Bloom rolled her eyes.

“This is stupid,” sighed Scootaloo. She kicked at the air with her front hooves getting ready to push past me.

“Ow, come on! One bucking dive!” I was losing my patience. How can they be so stubborn.

Apple Bloom kept whining. “Let’s just hold our breath on the shore. We don’t really need to stay in the water for that.”

I loudly protested. “No, no, no! We can’t make bubbles on land!” Her idea is ridiculous. We came here for scuba diving and it’s obvious that we can do that only under water. She’s not making any sense at all.

Apple Bloom tilted her head at me. “What are you even—” She lost her willpower before she could finish the question. “Ah, never mind.” She took a step back and nodded at Scootalo. “Let’s just get this over with.”

Scootaloo sighted mulishly. “This is pointless.”

“Awesome! The first one up stays a blank flank,” I cheered and stepped into the water. Chills shook my body. The water wasn’t just cold. It was freezing. Do I really want to do this? I stopped for a moment.

They looked at me sideways, raising their eyebrows.

If I admit that the water is too cold, I will never hear the end of it. They’ll never take me seriously again. All because of one little misjudgment on my part. I bit my teeth together. I won’t let them have the satisfaction.

“You call this water cold,” I forcefully stepped forward. “Refreshing is what it is. You’re both a bunch of chickens. Especially you!” I pointed at Scootaloo.

“I am not a chicken!” she snarled at me.

I tried to act casual, but my body was stiffening. I felt the pain on every patch of my skin that entered the water. I have to do this. I have to prove them wrong. It was my idea, and I’m going to make it work.

Water encompassed my shoulders. My breaths got shallow and erratic. I felt my eyes watering from all the pain I was feeling throughout my body.

“Are you shivering?” spewed Schootaloo at me.

I contracted all my muscles to prevent my body from shaking. “Whaaat! Of course not.” My voice broke.

Scootaloo turned to Apple Bloom and pointed at me. “She’s totally shivering.”

I need to go for it now. They are really turning against me.

“Let’s do this!” I announced. ”One, two, three, dive!” I gasped as much air as I could and slid bellow the surface. Now they can’t judge me anymore. I looked back, but couldn’t see clearly. Why did I leave my diving mask on the shore? It’s their fault! They were acting so stubborn and irrational. Silhouettes of their heads were rippling above the surface. They were facing each other as if having a discussion. No! They can’t do this to me. We had a deal. They have no right to betray me.

At that point, Apple Bloom launched herself through the water and Scootaloo followed right after. I turned my head forward. You two made the right decision. I would look so silly if I was the only one that dived.

I slowly swam deeper. Every move I made was painful. Pushing forward felt like pressing against needles. As I descended, I felt a jolt. Freezing liquid engulfed my forehoves. It spread upward, sipped through my coat and chilled the skin on my legs. My body jerked. Muscles cramped as I instinctively lifted my legs to my body. A puff of air escaped my mouth.

There was a layer of even colder water on the bottom. I barely touched it and I felt like It will freeze me solid. I can’t let myself go down any deeper than this. I turned and swam towards a nearby boulder keeping my torso above the layer. By casting my forehooves around it, I anchored myself to it.

Resting motionless unstrained me. My hind legs, however, still quivered in the icy layer. I hope they don’t think that I’m slacking. I pretended to look at the boulder as if it was interesting.

Scootaloo slowly passed above my head. Her wings were tightly folded to keep the warmth in. She pressed her legs against her abdomen and swam only with her hooves.

Apple Bloom saw me at the boulder and came for a closer inspection. She wanted to swim beside me, but was promptly introduced to the bottom layer. She instinctively lifted her legs from it and pushed herself towards the surface. Scootaloo sluggishly floated above me for a moment Then she too ran out of her patience and ascended.

The whole situation with us in the cold water was absurd, and they clearly expressed it. But I had to make it significant. I will not let myself be defeated in this way. If I swim up right after them, they will just ridicule me. No! I will persist and get a cutie mark for—for whatever this is. Then they will see that I was right and they were wrong.

They broke the surface and swam toward the shore. I repositioned myself above the boulder, hugging it with all my four legs. That kept me above the freezing layer and still allowed me to anchor.

I will show them! I will show them! I kept repeating in my mind. The cold water was sore and lung spasms urged me to breathe. My body was screaming to get out, but I wouldn’t allow myself to swim up. The act of joining my friends repulsed me. I can’t let them judge me based on their opinions. No! I will prove them wrong. I will wait right here until they come to get me. I will make them break their defiant stubbornness. I will show them that I was honest and right when I said this was a good idea.

I was focusing all my attention in fighting the need to breathe, and didn’t even notice that I was no longer holding on to a boulder. I  slowly drifted up. The surface closing in on me was so inviting. It compelled me to swim toward it and leave all this nonsense behind. I can’t resist anymore. I need to give in now.

Right then my body and mind just stopped. A preasure within me built up. It errupted and broke out. It spoke to me within my mind. You will swim back down and fulfill your goal.

My muscles instantly responded. With seemingly unstoppable force I hurled deeper. Piercing into the icy layer as if it was nothing.

The strains were taking effect on my body. It pulsated and twirled. But that didn’t matter to me. I was no longer bound by petty limitations. My mind was sharp and focused. I am in control now!—

—But why do these thoughts feel so strange. So foreign. As if they come from somewhere else—

—No! They come from within me. Therefore they are me. And I won’t let anything stand in my way!

A splash on the surface stopped my trail of thoughts and my descent. They are trying to get me! That’s good enough. I rapidly kicked with my legs tunneling straight up. My vision was narrowing and fading to black. I was losing control of my body. Just one more kick.

I plunged through the surface gasping for air.

“Are you OK, Sweetie Belle?” I heard Scootaloo shout.

I panted rapidly and splashed with my hooves to stay afloat. “Yea!—” I lifted my snout up to breathe in. “Why wouldn’t I be—” A short sneeze left my nozzle. “Did you came in for another dive?”

“Sweetie Bell, no! You promised!” yelled Apple Bloom, running left and right along the shore.

“Come out!” hollered Scootaloo while pulling herself back on shore.

I had no reason to stay in cold water. But I still wanted to come out as a winner. I kept my grace and slowly swam towards the shore.

I gallantly stepped out of the water. They didn’t even raise their heads to look at me.

“The dive was awsome!” I tried to inspire them.

“We didn’t get it,” muttered Apple Bloom.

“What about you. Did you get it?” Scootaloo eagerly lifted her head toward my face. “You were down there for so long you must have got it!”

“Get what?” I pushed my head to the side. Did she expect me to get something for her?

Apple Bloom gazed at me. “The cutie mark, silly!” She narrowed her eyelids. “You know, the only reason you got us all wet for.”

It completely slipped my mind. I turned my head around and wiggled my tail to get it of my flank. “Anything?” I walked in circle trying to see more of my flank.

Scootaloo lifted her hoof and stopped me “No. Nothing. I was sure you were going to get it, though. Either that or—” She bowed her head.

“Or what?” I looked at her.

Scootaloo lowered her voice. “Did something happen to you down there?”  She sounded worried. “Did you get your hoof stuck?”

“No, why?”

“It’s just—” She paused and glanced at the lake. “—It’s nothing.” She shook her head. ”I’m just glad you’re alright. Sorry about your cutie mark. Well, the lack of it, I mean.”

“Sweetie Belle, you know you don’t have to prove anything to us, right?” Apple Bloom stepped beside me. “We’re friends. We’re all in this together. And thanks to you, we get to check the diving cutie mark off our list today.” She embraced me.

Scootaloo looked up to the sky. She shuffled her hoof on the ground and pretend she’s not there. With a sigh she looked back down and embraced us both.

They persisted in their hug, not wanting to let go. “You are our best friend.” whispered Apple Bloom. They squeezed me even tighter.

I shook them off to put their emotional nonsense to rest. “What are you two obsessing over. Everything is fine.” They looked at me with eyes wide open. As if they were expecting something from me and not getting it. I changed the subject. “Let’s wrap things up, Crusaders. Grab your gear and home we go. The day is almost over.”

They picked up the equipment and glanced at me to check if there really wasn’t anything else to be said. I kept my serious face to prevent them from relapsing into another annoying hug or pesky interrogation. They threw their stuff on their backs and walked toward the dirt road that would lead us to Ponyville. Scootaloo whispered the first stanza of our anthem to break the silence. Apple Bloom joined in, drowning him out. With each line they raised their voices as if they were competing with each other.

I gazed across the lake and whispered to myself. “What happened down there?”

I shrugged my shoulders and looked to my friends. “Don’t sing it without me!” I exclaimed and rushed to join them.
